Console Applications:
Create a Console Application that can hold scaled C-Language code. 
This is a program that runs in a text-based environment (the console or terminal) and interacts with the user through standard input and output system rather than graphical elements. At its core, this means instructing the computer through the C source code. The entry point of the function (the `main` function) represents where the operating system hands control to your program. You choose the console app if you would start from zero, and scale your project up, or if your project does not require too much third-party files or too much langauge support. DreamStudio will handle the file inside a folder specifically for it as a project. The project in this case will contain only the console file. 

Static Library:
Create a C library that is compiled into a .a or .lib file, intended to be linked into other programs.
Run your library with good support for general-purpose operating systems. At the core of the project, DreamStudio provides all the needed tools to run and debug the library, as well as a testing environment to safely edit and test the file. The support is entended for Windows .lib and for Linux .a files. 

Shared/Dynamic Library:
Create a C library for dynamic linking. 
Create a project to write the code needed for dynamic libraries with a good support provided from DreamStudio for Windows and Linux users, then compile your project and build into a .so or .dll file targeting the version you desire. 

MakeFile Project:
A project driven by a user-supplied Makefile, where DreamStudio acts as an editor and build/debug front-end. 
Create a project specifying your build desires and what you want to include. With this project type, possibilities are limitless, DreamStudio provides the needed Makefile and some other required files for support and compatability, and you provide the commands you need. Good type if you are planning to extend your project towards multiple project types. 

Unit Test Project:
A C project preconfigured for testing, typically using `assert` and `CTest`, or a lightweight test framework.

Device Drivers Project:
Write a device driver using DreamStudio support and C Language. 
Drivers are the linking bridge between the hardware device and the operating system. In this project, DreamStudio provides the needed tools and environment for creating a device driver with given support for Windows and Linux Kernels. 

Low-Level Operational Project:
Create a Low-Level Operational Project using C Language.
A Low-Level Operational Project extends beyond typical C, and touches the hardware directly, this project is intended for those who write low-level projects, such as bootloaders, kernels, and BIOS interfaces. DreamStudio provides the needed testing and quantization environment. It by default includes a virtual machine for testing your codes safely on the operating system. No need to identify an external virtual operating system since DreamStudio includes one. This typical support targets projects like creating operating systems, bootloaders, kernels, and pre-loaded operating systems interfaces (BIOS interfaces).